What is the difference between == and === in JavaScript?:

Description: Explain the difference between loose equality (==) and strict equality (===) operators in JavaScript.

In JavaScript, the `==` operator is used for loose equality comparison, while the `===` operator is used for strict
equality comparison.

1. **Loose Equality (`==`)**:

   - The loose equality operator performs type coercion(automatic or implicit type conversion) before comparing the
     values. This means that if the operands are of different types, JavaScript will attempt to convert them to the same
     type before making the comparison.
   - For example, `1 == '1'` will return `true` because JavaScript converts the string `'1'` to a number before
     comparing them.
   - While this can be convenient in some cases, it can also lead to unexpected behavior and bugs if not used carefully.
   - console.log([] == 0) // true because 1) "" == 0 2) 0 == 0

2. **Strict Equality (`===`)**:
   - The strict equality operator, on the other hand, does not perform type coercion(automatic or implicit type
     conversion). It only returns `true` if the operands are of the same type and have the same value.
   - For example, `1 === '1'` will return `false` because they are of different types.
   - Strict equality is generally considered safer and is recommended for most comparisons because it explicitly checks
     both value and type, making the code more predictable and less prone to errors.
   - console.log([] === 0) // false because both of different type

In summary, while both operators compare values, the `===` operator ensures that both the values and types are
identical, whereas the `==` operator performs type coercion(automatic or implicit type conversion) and may lead to
unexpected results. It's usually best practice to use strict equality (`===`) unless you specifically need type
coercion(automatic or implicit type conversion) for some reason.
